# SESSION INFO

## PYTHON
See also [paper_env](paper_env.yml). 

# packages in environment at /glade/u/home/ivanderk/miniconda/envs/ctsm:

#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                      1_llvm    conda-forge
affine                    2.3.0                      py_0    defaults
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    defaults
backcall                  0.2.0                      py_0    defaults
bleach                    3.1.5                      py_0    defaults
bokeh                     2.0.0            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.72.0               h8e57a91_0    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.2            py37heb32a55_0    defaults
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h7b6447c_1000    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7b6447c_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2020.7.22                     0    defaults
cairo                     1.16.0            hcf35c78_1003    conda-forge
cartopy                   0.18.0           py37h4b180d9_0    conda-forge
cdo                       1.9.8               h5012fff_10    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.6.20                py37_0    defaults
cf_units                  2.0.1           py37h3010b51_1002    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py37h2e261b9_0    defaults
cfitsio                   3.470                hb7c8383_2    defaults
cftime                    1.1.2            py37heb32a55_0    defaults
chardet                   3.0.4                 py37_1003    defaults
click                     7.1.2                      py_0    defaults
click-plugins             1.1.1                      py_0    defaults
cligj                     0.5.0                    py37_0    defaults
cloudpickle               1.5.0                      py_0    defaults
colorcet                  2.0.2                      py_0    defaults
cryptography              2.9.2            py37h1ba5d50_0    defaults
curl                      7.71.1               he644dc0_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                   py37_0    defaults
cytoolz                   0.10.1           py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
dask                      2.12.0                     py_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2.12.0                     py_0    defaults
datashader                0.10.0                     py_0    defaults
datashape                 0.5.4                    py37_1    defaults
dbus                      1.13.16              hb2f20db_0    defaults
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    defaults
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    defaults
distributed               2.12.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
eccodes                   2.18.0               hf05d9b7_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3                      py37_0    defaults
expat                     2.2.9                he6710b0_2    defaults
fastcache                 1.1.0            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
fftw                      3.3.8           nompi_h7f3a6c3_1111    conda-forge
fiona                     1.8.13           py37h0492a4a_1    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.2               h5ab3b9f_0    defaults
freexl                    1.0.5                h14c3975_0    defaults
fsspec                    0.7.4                      py_0    defaults
gdal                      3.0.4            py37h4b180d9_7    conda-forge
geopandas                 0.6.1                      py_0    defaults
geos                      3.8.1                he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.5.1               h05acad5_10    conda-forge
geoviews                  1.6.6                      py_1    conda-forge
geoviews-core             1.6.6                      py_0    defaults
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.63.1               h5a9c865_0    defaults
gmp                       6.1.2                h6c8ec71_1    defaults
gmpy2                     2.0.8            py37h10f8cd9_2    defaults
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13               h3ca952b_2    defaults
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_h3c11f04_100    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    defaults
holoviews                 1.13.3                     py_0    defaults
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.10                       py_0    defaults
ilamb                     2.5                      py37_1    conda-forge
imageio                   2.9.0                      py_0    defaults
importlib-metadata        1.7.0                    py37_0    defaults
importlib_metadata        1.7.0                         0    defaults
ipykernel                 5.3.0            py37h5ca1d4c_0    defaults
ipython                   7.16.1           py37h5ca1d4c_0    defaults
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                    py37_0    defaults
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    defaults
jasper                    1.900.1           h07fcdf6_1006    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.1                   py37_0    defaults
jinja2                    2.11.2                     py_0    defaults
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
json-c                    0.13.1               h1bed415_0    defaults
json5                     0.9.5                      py_0    defaults
jsonschema                3.2.0                    py37_0    defaults
jupyter                   1.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.5                      py_0    defaults
jupyter_console           6.1.0                      py_0    defaults
jupyter_core              4.6.3                    py37_0    defaults
jupyterlab                2.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.2.0                      py_0    defaults
kealib                    1.4.13               h33137a7_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37hfd86e86_0    defaults
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.33.1               h53a641e_7    defaults
libaec                    1.0.4                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hde54327_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.1               hcdd3856_0    conda-forge
libdap4                   3.20.4               hd3bb157_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h7b6447c_0    defaults
libffi                    3.2.1                hd88cf55_4    defaults
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgdal                   3.0.4                hbd881e9_7    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_0    defaults
libiconv                  1.15                 h63c8f33_5    defaults
libkml                    1.3.0             hb574062_1011    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                h4a3c616_0    defaults
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_h84807e1_104    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.9                h5ec1e0e_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hbc83047_0    defaults
libpq                     12.2                 h5513abc_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h7b6447c_0    defaults
libspatialindex           1.9.3                he6710b0_0    defaults
libspatialite             4.3.0a            h2482549_1038    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                h1ba5d50_1    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              9.1.0                hdf63c60_0    defaults
libtiff                   4.1.0                h2733197_1    defaults
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h516909a_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.14                 h7b6447c_0    defaults
libxkbcommon              0.10.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               9.0.1                hc9558a2_2    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.33.0           py37hd408876_0    defaults
locket                    0.2.0                    py37_1    defaults
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he6710b0_0    defaults
markdown                  3.1.1                    py37_0    defaults
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
matplotlib                3.2.1                         0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.1            py37h30547a4_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
mpc                       1.1.0                h10f8cd9_1    defaults
mpfr                      4.0.2                hb69a4c5_1    defaults
mpi                       1.0                       mpich    defaults
mpi4py                    3.0.3            py37h028fd6f_0    defaults
mpich                     3.3.2                hc856adb_0    defaults
mpmath                    1.1.0                    py37_0    defaults
msgpack-python            1.0.0            py37hfd86e86_1    defaults
multipledispatch          0.6.0                    py37_0    defaults
munch                     2.5.0                      py_0    defaults
nbconvert                 5.6.1                    py37_0    defaults
nbformat                  5.0.7                      py_0    defaults
nc-time-axis              1.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  he6710b0_1    defaults
netcdf4                   1.5.3           nompi_py37hdc49583_105    conda-forge
networkx                  2.4                        py_0    defaults
notebook                  6.0.3                    py37_0    defaults
nspr                      4.22                 he6710b0_0    defaults
nss                       3.46.1               hab99668_0    defaults
numba                     0.50.1           py37h0573a6f_0    defaults
numpy                     1.18.1           py37h8960a57_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46                     py37_0    defaults
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h981e76c_3    conda-forge
openssh                   8.3p1                h5957347_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h7b6447c_0    defaults
ossuuid                   1.6.2             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
owslib                    0.19.2                     py_1    defaults
packaging                 20.4                       py_0    defaults
pandas                    1.0.3            py37h0da4684_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.9.2.1                       0    defaults
pandocfilters             1.4.2                    py37_1    defaults
panel                     0.9.5                      py_1    defaults
param                     1.9.3                      py_0    defaults
parso                     0.7.0                      py_0    defaults
partd                     1.1.0                      py_0    defaults
pcre                      8.44                 he6710b0_0    defaults
pexpect                   4.8.0                    py37_0    defaults
pickleshare               0.7.5                    py37_0    defaults
pillow                    7.1.2            py37hb39fc2d_0    defaults
pip                       20.0.2                     py_2    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0               h7b6447c_0    defaults
poppler                   0.67.0               h14e79db_8    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.9                         0    defaults
postgresql                12.2                 h8573dbc_1    conda-forge
proj                      7.0.0                h966b41f_4    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.8.0                      py_0    defaults
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_0    defaults
prompt_toolkit            3.0.5                         0    defaults
psutil                    5.7.0            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
ptyprocess                0.6.0                    py37_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.20                       py_0    defaults
pyct                      0.4.6                    py37_0    defaults
pyepsg                    0.4.0                    py37_0    defaults
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    defaults
pykdtree                  1.3.1            py37hdd07704_2    defaults
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                   py37_0    defaults
pyparsing                 2.4.7                      py_0    defaults
pyproj                    2.6.1.post1      py37h34dd122_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37hcca6a23_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.16.0           py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pyshp                     2.1.0                      py_0    defaults
pysocks                   1.7.1                    py37_0    defaults
python                    3.7.7           hcf32534_0_cpython    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    defaults
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1                     py_0    defaults
pyviz_comms               0.7.6                      py_0    defaults
pywavelets                1.1.1            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h7b6447c_1    defaults
pyzmq                     19.0.1           py37he6710b0_1    defaults
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
qtconsole                 4.7.5                      py_0    defaults
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    defaults
rasterio                  1.1.5            py37h0492a4a_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  h7b6447c_0    defaults
regionmask                0.5.0                      py_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0                     py_0    defaults
rtree                     0.9.4                    py37_1    defaults
scikit-image              0.16.2           py37h0573a6f_0    defaults
scipy                     1.4.1            py37h921218d_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.10.1                     py_0    defaults
send2trash                1.5.0                    py37_0    defaults
setuptools                47.3.1                   py37_0    defaults
shapely                   1.7.0            py37hc88ce51_3    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0                     py_0    defaults
snuggs                    1.4.7                      py_0    defaults
sortedcontainers          2.2.2                      py_0    defaults
sqlite                    3.32.3               h62c20be_0    defaults
sympy                     1.6.1                    py37_0    defaults
tbb                       2020.0               hfd86e86_0    defaults
tblib                     1.6.0                      py_0    defaults
terminado                 0.8.3                    py37_0    defaults
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    defaults
tiledb                    1.7.7                h8efa9f0_3    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hbc83047_0    defaults
toolz                     0.10.0                     py_0    defaults
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h7b6447c_1    defaults
tqdm                      4.47.0                     py_0    defaults
traitlets                 4.3.3                    py37_0    defaults
typing_extensions         3.7.4.2                    py_0    defaults
tzcode                    2019a             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
udunits2                  2.2.27.6          h4e0c4b3_1001    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.9                     py_0    defaults
wcwidth                   0.2.5                      py_0    defaults
webencodings              0.5.1                    py37_1    defaults
wheel                     0.34.2                   py37_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    defaults
xarray                    0.15.0                     py_0    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.2             h8412b87_1004    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h7b6447c_0    defaults
yaml                      0.2.5                h7b6447c_0    defaults
zeromq                    4.3.2                he6710b0_2    defaults
zict                      2.0.0                      py_0    defaults
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    defaults
zlib                      1.2.11               h7b6447c_3    defaults
zstd                      1.4.4                h0b5b093_3    defaults


